but first of all I want you to thinly
slice these if you can do those about
sort of four of these and keep all
butter croissants for this now the
custard is vitally important that this
is where the recipe really does change
I'm actually going to use milk and cream
which is a standard mixture in bread and
butter pudding but it's the addition of
the white chocolate and whiskey that
really gives it its flavor but 500 mils
of milk and 500 mils of double cream
full fat milk full fat cream C 4 into
low fat food switch-off now because it's
going to get a lot worse
so just warm this up fresh vanilla pod
split it down the middle throw it
straight into the pan just gently warm
it up so the vanilla infuses what I want
you to do now is just layer these now
just take a touch of butter just melt
this in a pan
that was great Steven get me five egg
yolks yep and three whole eggs use white
chocolate can chop this up
so taking some butter even though
they're all but across on so I'm still
going to put butter on anyway pour it
over the top
just a handful of sultanas but make sure
you just in the gaps as well because if
they sit on top of the custard they're
going to burn on the top so once you've
done that you can give me 200 grams of
caster sugar yeah we're just warming
this custard up now now at this point I
can throw in the chocolate to run it all
to melt but then turn the heat off
because if you keep heating it when it's
got chocolate in there the chocolate
will obviously sink down to the bottom
and it's going to burn half the sugar
goes into the milk half the sugar goes
into your eggs I'm buying all that load
together if you can get me some whiskey
as well to go in here we can pour just a
bit of this warm custard over the top
and then back into the pan and then this
is where the real flavor comes in a good
drop of whiskey bit more a bit more
whose Antony that was paying the bill
for this Cruz mistake anyway they bit
more of that put the civil at the top
and they all we do now is just pour this
mixture over the top keep it quite flat
to it this will get rid of any egg shell
that wills got in there and also the
vanilla just to look come to the top
what you need to do is soak this mixture
by pressing it down and just leaving it
just for a minute before it goes into
the oven
now set the oven to 200 degrees
centigrade this wants to go in for
between 15 and 20 minutes
so just to finish this off cheers well
what I'm gonna do is just dust it with
ice and sugar all over the top plenty of
ice and sugar now look at the amount
that I'm putting on loads and loads and
loads get a plot size you can use a
grill if you want
if you lift this out
a good dollop of ice cream nice good
foot on the side big oh well would you
work into that very nice
you